RHDEVDOCS 5884 configuring multiple PAC controllers (#71804)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-using-pipelines-as-code-with-a-github-app.adoc

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * pac/using-pipelines-as-code-repos.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="using-pipelines-as-code-with-a-github-app_{context}"]
= Using {pac} with a GitHub App

[role="_abstract"]

> GitHub Apps act as a point of integration with {pipelines-title} and bring the advantage of Git-based workflows to {pipelines-shortname}. Cluster administrators can configure a single GitHub App for all cluster users. For GitHub Apps to work with {pac}, ensure that the webhook of the GitHub App points to the {pac} event listener route (or ingress endpoint) that listens for GitHub events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Apps act as a point of integration with {pipelines-title} and bring the advantage of Git-based workflows to {pipelines-shortname}. Cluster administrators can configure a single GitHub App for all cluster users. For GitHub Apps to work with {pac}, ensure that the webhook of the GitHub App points to the {pac} controller route (or ingress endpoint) that listens for GitHub events.
```
we no more call event listener can we rephrase above sentence by removing event listener ?

There are three ways to set up a GitHub app for {pac}:

> * Use the `tkn` command line utility
> * Use the Administrator perspective of the web console
> * Set up the app manually in GitHub and then create a secret for {pac}

Reviewer 2: These sentences should probably have periods at the end even if they're part of a list:
```suggestion
* Use the `tkn` command line utility.
* Use the Administrator perspective of the web console.
* Set up the app manually in GitHub and then create a secret for {pac}.
```
